implementing #10383 (#10524)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/index.md

| Section | Description |
|-|-|

> | Local Administrator Password Solution(https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/ATADocs/blob/main/ATPDocs/cas-isp-laps.md) | The "Local Administrator Password Solution" (LAPS) provides management of local account passwords of domain joined computers. Passwords are stored in Active Directory (AD) and protected by ACL, so only eligible users can read it or request its reset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Local Administrator Password Solution](/defender-for-identity/cas-isp-laps) | Local Administrator Password Solution (LAPS) provides management of local account passwords of domain-joined computers. Passwords are stored in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) and protected by an access control list (ACL), so only eligible users can read them or request a reset. 
```
